Make flash and ram size depend on the mcu feature (#173)
stm32-rs/stm32l0xx-hal: README.md

## Flash memory

> Flash and RAM sizes are configured for each mcu in the feature list.

Reviewer: I'd slightly reword this:

```suggestion
Flash and RAM sizes are automatically configured by using the appropriate
`mcu-*` Cargo feature, as described further up.
```

> If you have an mcu that is not in the list or they are not correct, you can override 
> the `memory.x` of `stm32l0xx-hal` by providing your own.

Reviewer: Slight improvement (hopefully):

```suggestion
If you have an MCU that does not yet have a corresponding `mcu-*` feature, or
if the default configuration is incorrect, you can override the `memory.x` of
`stm32l0xx-hal` by providing your own:
```
